how's it going YouTube it's exit are the
exterminator presented another battle
now this one is not a Marvel vs. DC I
actually wanted to do a Marvel versatile
this is one battle I would always I've
always would love to see it's a Galactus
the Devourer world's verse zero and the
tester one of the Celestials of the
fourth host now if you look at their
look just look at them they kind of look
similar that's why I kind of picked them
cuz they're I think Z round the testier
kind of kind of has like a Galactus type
look ripoff and so Galactus doesn't
really need an introduction Galactus the
Devourer world's the last survivor of
the previous universe
what's the Big Bang happened Galactus
was basically in a cosmic egg type thing
then he was released then uh he hungered
and he now feeds on planets to sustain
him and so even though there is not
enough planets in the universe to
sustain him he will eventually in
billions or however years he will
eventually die and they thought he
fulfilled his destiny and Marvel
Universe
or whatever but and zero on the tester
part of the fourth host and that in his
basically every celestial and the fourth
host has a task I regime the judge he
judges the planet deems that worthy or
nots gam-anon the gather gather species
and needs are the calculator he's the
mathematician of the of the fourth host
and zero on the tester he tests the
species and and conducts the experiments
on what's going on basically whatever
the genetic stuff they're testing that's
what he does he tests them now it's good
be it this could be a very interesting
battle it's gonna be a tough one a very
very tough one they're both going to be
fighting for their lives so we'll start
with intelligence
they are both off the scale when it
comes to intelligence they are so smart
it probably cannot be calculated
Galactus is just billions be as old as
time itself in a in a way the Celestials
have practically been there too as old
it's time they don't exactly have an
origin if you want to I I have another
video about the Celestials you might
want to check them out they don't
exactly have an origin so it's hard to
say how exactly old they are they are
billions and billions of years old that
is basically that's all we know so but
for intelligence it's going to go to
Galactus just because a Galactus has I
think probably showed more intelligence
feats the Celestials have shown you know
their armor their all their technology
but I think when it comes to technology
like one on one I think a lactis has it
now when it comes to strength either
both you know if they want they could
probably physically fight it out but it
probably won't make um to that slightly
but in physical strength they're
probably just about even they're both
incalculable you can't there's no
possible way to see how much they can
you know how strong they're but you know
it comes down to most probably their
energy projections well they're their
abilities now Galactus wields the power
caught the entire power cosmic he can
use it however he wants absorption
energy projection he could like he gives
his uh you can give his heralds cosmic
power in like the Silver Surfer one of
the strong practically his strongest
Herald is a bat is a beast he's a badass
and he's super strongest imagine
Galactus with this entire power cosmic
at his disposal he could practically do
anything he wants with it now when it
comes to zero on the tester the slush
deal is they have they can you know they
have many different abilities like if
you go on the marble like wiki pages and
all that they actually don't have a
complete set of their abilities like
they say basically they do possess near
limitless amounts of powers and
abilities like cosmic powers and various
other abilities so but I think matter
matter manipulation reality warping I do
believe I mean their powers just are
insane
now salute tough part their durability
who is the more durable it so that's
very difficult uh Galactus does have a
durability when he fights he does
actually lose power due the fact that he
is going to start you know he's okay no
Galactus is always hungry he wants to he
needs to feed on planets therefore he he
will probably he will could be getting
weaker as the battle goes on so I would
probably give the durability edge to
zero on the tester now when it comes to
invulnerability again it's a tough one
Galactus is technically is pure energy
but he is in a containment suit and
everything and the celestial is in and
Zeron he is in a fully cased
indestructible like metal alloy suits or
whatever we don't know what kind of
metal it is in an alternate reality
because made that are made of vibranium
I'm not sure if it's in you know six one
six so when it comes to invulnerability
I'll probably give it's probably the
Galactus due the fact that he is energy
and if and if he can just break Zeron
suit and just rip him apart if he can if
he can do it it would it would be then
who'd probably win it won't kills you're
on the key who really actually can't
kill a celestial you can only put it to
sleep as the buzzer as their brethren
say but then when it comes to speed not
really worried about speed they're both
not really known for speed they're just
gonna go at each other and it's this is
a really tough situation for both of
them if Galactus it's a hundred percent
fed which is impossible he's supposed to
rival eternity if he's at that level
he'll probably completely owns Iran now
when he's normally fed it's a tough one
when he was weaker if you if he was a
weak hunt like hunger or starving i zero
on will win but what about your average
just average Galactus just normal this
will be a extremely tough fight during a
Thor number 300 when a Zeus Odin and
this other sky father I had to camera
his name they're all sky father levels
they're galaxies Buster's they all
confronted them they all took their
energies and they shot our team with all
their energies and it did absolutely
nothing I mean nothing so it's tough to
say who would win and when it comes with
durability z' uh
you know he was there bill both there
during the Infinity Gauntlet Galactus
attacked our Zeron actually just willed
planets at Thanos he didn't actually
attack he can easily Iran can easily
well they both can easily shrug off
planetary attacks when's Iran fought
Soudan when the destroyer armor he
actually made Odin drop the odinsword
which is supposed to supposedly
inseparable when the short armor and the
odinsword are together now this is an
extremely evenly matched fight and I
would probably at the end go for
Galactus it would be an extremely tough
fights but eventually I do believe zero
on the tester his armor is going to wear
down and it's going to break in Marvel
Universe's the end when he was killed by
Thanos Galactus was amazed about this
but it's gonna take a little extra me
tough fights but in the end Galactus the
Devourer devourer of worlds will win